Update logging docs for VictoriaLogs migration and app logs API corrections (#2407)
superfly/docs: monitoring/logs-api-options.html.md

Authorization: <your-token>
```

The response is a JSON:API document with a `data` array of log entries and a `meta.next_token` cursor for paging. By default, the most recent 100 logs from the last 24 hours are returned. You can pass these query params to filter logs or set a starting timestamp:

- `region`: three-letter region code. Returns only logs from this region
- `instance`: a Machine ID. Returns only logs from this instance

> - `next_token`: a nanosecond Unix timestamp. Returns logs after this time. Each response includes a `meta.next_token` — pass it in your next request to page forward

Reviewer: `next_token` is described as both "a starting timestamp" (user-suppliable) and "pass it in your next request to page forward" (opaque cursor). Can you confirm which is the intended use, and update as needed?
- If users can construct one themselves to backfill from an arbitrary moment: add an example value to the bullet (the old doc had `start_time=2023-08-01T00:00:00Z` what's the nanosecond equivalent look like?).
- If it's only an opaque cursor returned by the previous response: drop "or set a starting timestamp" from the intro sentence on line 40, and rewrite the bullet as something like "an opaque paging cursor returned in `meta.next_token` of the previous response."

Either way, the rename from `start_time` (ISO-8601) to `next_token` (nanosecond Unix) is a breaking change for anyone using the old param. A one-line note calling that out would save existing users some debugging.

Author: `next_token` can be used both ways that you described. I think it's primarily a cursor, but you can also approximate backfilling by passing in your own timestamp as `next_token`. Could the usage be clearer? I also added an example for that param like you suggested. Thanks!

About the previously documented `start_time`, I don't know that this was working before. I don't see that param in the bubblegum or web code, but I could've missed it. `next_token` has been in the logging code for a long time - I think this was always the supported way to backfill and page through logs, before and since migrating to VictoriaLogs.

Edit: I added a bullet after `next_token` stating that it replaces `start_time` to avoid confusion. Let me know if anything should be tweaked. Happy to update.

> This endpoint isn’t officially supported for external use, but it’s mostly stable: `flyctl` depends on it.

Reviewer: The old text included "That said, filters don't always work as expected." The new version removes it without replacement. Is this because the VictoriaLogs migration actually fixed filter reliability, or just because the bullet was being rewritten? If filters are still occasionally flaky maybe worth keeping a one-line caveat.

Author: I removed it because the filters _aren't_ flaky in my experience (they're what flyctl uses for `fly logs -i` and `fly logs -r`. I'll put the caveat back in if you've experienced otherwise and think it's better to keep that in.

Reviewer: I don't have experience to add to that. We can always add more details, if we hear evidence to the contrary. I think we're fine leaving it at 'isn't officially supported for external use".

Authorization: <your-token>
```

The response is a JSON:API document with a `data` array of log entries and a `meta.next_token` cursor for paging. By default, the most recent 100 logs from the last 24 hours are returned. You can pass these query params to filter logs or set a starting timestamp:

- `region`: three-letter region code. Returns only logs from this region
- `instance`: a Machine ID. Returns only logs from this instance

> - `next_token`: a nanosecond Unix timestamp (e.g `1779235200000000000`). Returns logs after this time. Each response includes a `meta.next_token` — pass it in your next request to page forward

Reviewer: Could we make the dual purpose of next_token (cursor + timestamp backfill) explicit in the bullet? Something like:

```suggestion
- `next_token`: a nanosecond Unix timestamp (e.g. `1779235200000000000`) used either as a paging cursor or to backfill from a specific moment. Returns logs after this time. Each response includes a `meta.next_token` that you can pass in your next request to page forward.
```

Author: Good call, thanks for your review and all of your suggestions!
